Neal Sáles-Griffin: Drop. But I'm I'm your referee. If you guys get too scrappy.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So kicked off the recording.
Chloe Lannert: Burhan was actually the the reason we put together this fundraising journey because Burhan was keeping me updated as he as he finally closed his round and was like, I have
Chloe Lannert: My approach changed so dramatically from his 1st attempt, raising directly after Demo Day to when he finally closed, and he says he's got some some good stuff to share. So I've got my list of questions and my little overview. But, Burhan, I'm gonna let you take it. And then, founders, this is also your time, same as Danny. I want you to lead the questions. Lead the conversation where you want it to go.
Chloe Lannert: But as a starting point, Burhan, anytime a group of like students or entrepreneurs, or whatever comes in, and they're like, I want to learn about techstars.
Chloe Lannert: They they always ask, do we make companies pivot or like, what's the what's the ethos around pivoting? And I always tell your story like without fail. You're actually in my in my little techstars, overview deck that I share.
Chloe Lannert: So you came in these party boys from Toronto doing this nightclub sales enablement software? And I was like, what what the hell is happening? Neil had like a way better spidey sense than I did. I didn't get. It was like nightclubs are poor. What's the deal? So start talking us through like.
Chloe Lannert: how did you get from alibi to Rhonda.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: In fairness. Most people didn't get it. I just want to put that out there.
Chloe Lannert: No, Neil had the vibe check. Neil Neil knew he could smell it, and I couldn't, and then my mind was blown. But but
Chloe Lannert: talk us through that.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, no, Neil's the goat for
Burhan Syed: for spotting us. I mean.
Burhan Syed: very simply put. I guess we just had this certainty in our heads, where, you know, we thought the problem we were solving is worthwhile and that we were poised to sort of solve it ourselves because of our experience in the industry. But ultimately, like, I think.
Burhan Syed: the biggest learning from experience within pivoting at techstars was that just because you believe a problem exists doesn't necessarily mean the market you're serving actually needs it.
Burhan Syed: And it was a very big sort of awakening for us to realize that. Hey, we actually need to talk to customers more. And I think jobs to be done was like a big part of that.
Burhan Syed: because, as we started to do more customary reviews within like nightclubs. The more we realized that no one actually gave me a shit about product or wanted to buy it. And I mean, we we knew that going in prior to getting into techstars. I had done a road trip across the United States and Canada, trying to sell to every single nightclub that I could possibly approach, and every single one, I think I met with over 200 said no to us. So
Burhan Syed: ultimately, just, it's a Testament, I guess the jobs to be done process and and talking to your customers and understanding the space. And I think also a big part of it is, you know,
Burhan Syed: a startup isn't necessarily an idea. It's it's between. And so I was actually talking to the CEO of Instacart, or the former CEO of Instacart, founder, and he was telling me that, like when he initially started, he would do a new idea every week test it. And then, if he realized that there was no market for it, we just move on to the next one.
Burhan Syed: And I think I carry that, and the advice I give to other entrepreneurs that approach me is like, Hey, it's not about the team. It's not about the idea. Just put together a good team, and you'll figure out a problem to solve.
Chloe Lannert: Totally, and your team in like week, 6 week, 5 week, 6. You've been working on alibi for like 3 years. Right.
Burhan Syed: 2 years. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. You disappeared.
Burhan Syed: Yes.
Chloe Lannert: Week, 5 week, 6. You all just disappeared for a week and then came back with a product. What? What happened.
Burhan Syed: Oh!
Chloe Lannert: What made you decide that it wasn't working.
Burhan Syed: Nate Faggioli was one of the mentors that we met at Mentor madness. We ended up choosing him as our as our like head mentor, I forget what you guys call it. But
Burhan Syed: We ended up meeting with him, and he sat us down. He's like boys.
Burhan Syed: What you're doing right now is you're building for a problem that you don't even know exists. What you need to do is build a a validation machine. So you need to go and have a thesis on
Burhan Syed: a problem that you want to solve. And then you go build a machine that validates that thesis whether it's building an Mvp. And then pulling it and seeing if it works, or just meeting with other customers in that space.
Burhan Syed: So he sat us down and give us the brutal reality that he likely thinks that we were doing this and is going to end up failing. And so he was like, do you guys want to cut this off right now and find the next problem? Or do you want to continue spending another 2 years of your life solving a problem that no one cares about.
Burhan Syed: So we sat with our other advisors and came to the conclusion that we're going to kill this baby and we were just thinking of new ideas that we could solve. And then
Burhan Syed: everyone.
Burhan Syed: the story we tell everyone, including investors, is like we had this idea of building a dental solution. Because of our experience working in the space which is true, we did work as receptionist at Alan's parents clinics when we were in university and we did have an idea of solving a problem in that space. It just wasn't this one what we actually did was one of our mentors told us to go on the Yc website and find a company that is solving a really cool problem. And then, if you think you can solve the better, go do it.
Burhan Syed: And so we actually came across our biggest competitor today, Areni and they were only like 2 or 3 months into building that file through the time.
Burhan Syed: And we just looked at each other. We're like this AI receptionist thing sounds like a problem that we could solve. We know exactly what it looks like to be a dental receptionist, and you can probably do it better than them.
Burhan Syed: And so that's how we we started this.
Chloe Lannert: This is my 1st time hearing this, just for everyone else.
Chloe Lannert: I was like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I remember I remember.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, we told Neil.
Chloe Lannert: Getting into the guts was awesome.
Alex Nativelle: What made you think you could solve it better than them?
Burhan Syed: The guys who are building Arini are like Harvard Cs majors that never worked in the dental space, and they ended up building or they ended up being like founding engineers. It's more than AI startup.
Alex Nativelle: Hmm.
Burhan Syed: And we just realized that they have no idea what the dental space really looks like, and the complexity that goes along with it. And we demoed their products. We actually ended up booking a demo call with them, and Alan's dad, who's a dentist, hopped on that call with us.
Burhan Syed: and we just ran them through a bunch of questions about how they handle different scenarios, and it became very clear to us they had no idea what the hell they were doing
Burhan Syed: and so ultimately we just came to the conclusion that we just understand the space better than them. And what they had overlooked was that private equity was taking over the space. Now they've realized that a little later down the line. But we knew that going in because Alan's parents were always junko on the fact that they were going to sell their practices private equity firms, and so very quickly we understood that the niche we wanted to target was the PE space. So, given those 2, I guess considerations, it made a lot of sense to tackle as well.
Alex Nativelle: But that was important for you. Not only that you cared about the problem, or you thought it was an important problem, but also you could do better than the Yc. Company
Alex Nativelle: right.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, better than the what.
Burhan Syed: It was important for us to have the right positioning. And we thought we were positioned better. And it's also important for anyone to build a startup in a space that they have a unique insight on. And we knew our unique insight was that private equity was taking over, and nobody else really saw it
Burhan Syed: cool.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Pillar.
Chloe Lannert: So you disappear into the basement for a week. You come back with a product which, like when we talk about
Chloe Lannert: team bets. That's an insane example of like what that looks like like. What does that mean? What's a team? Bet it's someone disappearing into a basement coming back with a product.
Chloe Lannert: You make it through the rest of techstars. You are on stage at Demo Day. You have 6 million in the pipeline. Your 1st few customers at this point. These are the Dsos themselves, not the private equity firms. You're ready to kick off a raise. Then what.
Burhan Syed: Well, we had dsos, and like private equity firms in the pipeline, but none of them could sign. We actually signed a lot of like Alan's parents, friends, practices. Some being in the Dso. Space. I'm not, but we don't really have any foothold or any real customers done. It was just really pilots but we just thought that we had this like very crazy idea, and we had early traction already without even having a real product.
Burhan Syed: And so we said, fuck it like we have enough to to go raise a million dollar round right and we glued ourselves into thinking it. And that's how we approached Demo day. And then, after Demo Day is when the brutal realization of holy Shit in this market. You actually can't have an idea. And like some very shitty form of traction, you actually need to have a real base of business built to even think about raising money
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did you? Did you learn that in the Dr. It was like, when when did you guys figure that out afterwards?
Burhan Syed: That was in the Dominican Republic. So right after techstars, we decided to move to the Dominican Republic for 3 months and build there it was in this, like small fisherman's town called Last. We weren't in like a big party state or anything. There's no clubs or anything like that. There. We were just in in front of A, at a villa in front of a beach, and we just wanted to like have a nice view while we were working, which is actually, I highly recommend that if you can, if you have the opportunity to go with your team to like some remote place and build do it
Burhan Syed: but we we ended up coming to the realization. I think it was a week into raising neil had made some intros. Troy had made some intros and like those conversations just weren't going well, people were asking questions that we hadn't thought of, and ultimately we didn't think of them because we hadn't actually built our product and solved the problem yet.
Burhan Syed: So weekend, we decided, we're gonna take the rest of these meetings. Yeah, for today.
Chloe Lannert: What kinds of questions were they asking that you just couldn't.
Burhan Syed: Like, how are you gonna build a technical mode around this problem? Walk me through what you know operations look like from a Dso perspective long term using a product like this. What challenges we need to go through? How can you bring onboarding time down? Do you understand the integration barriers that you're facing. We didn't really understand anything. We didn't really have a product.
Burhan Syed: So
Burhan Syed: it made us a actually, it was really helpful. Looking back at it to actually have those meetings, because I think getting grilled like that, and thinking about the business very deeply because of of the embarrassment that you face from not having answers to those questions is important.
Burhan Syed: So I actually, if I could go back and redo it, I'd do it again. I think it was really good learning experience. But like, after the 1st week, we decided, we're gonna take the rest of these meetings just to like meet with the Vcs. But like, we have no no chance phrasing anymore. So we're not even gonna bother.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome that then what you realize you can't rate what's in the bank.
Burhan Syed: Oh, not much is in the Bank the Dominican Republic was a was a mistake from that far. I think we we ran through all of our techstars money by the end of the Dominican Republic. But thankfully, at that point we had. We'd signed a few customers, and I think we were at like 4 or 5 K Mrr.
Burhan Syed: And if we didn't pay ourselves to move back to our parents homes for me living in my mom's basement, and we took all of that money and put it back into the business. We could stay alive like default life for a little bit, and so my mindset from then on was, let's just Bootstrap as much as possible. There's no point in raising money, and then my mindset completely shifted to. I'm never raising DC. Money again in my life
Burhan Syed: like we're going to Bootstrap. This Adam Robinson was a mentor of mine. He built a company called retention.com, which did, I think, 6 million arr in their 1st year. He took our b 2 b from 0 to 6 million in 3 months this year.
Burhan Syed: So he's killing it. And he hopped on call with me, and he was like dude fuck. These just go bootstrapped to the moon. And so we were like, Yeah, let's do it. So we ended up taking the company to like 15 K Mrr. Bootstrapped all the way. At that point we started paying ourselves like a thousand dollar us salary a month.
Burhan Syed: and then I had no intentions of raising any money. But one afternoon I met with
Burhan Syed: with a few potential customers, and they'd asked us to speed, run their onboardings and get them live as soon as possible, and I ultimately had to say to them, like guys, we don't have the resources to do this like
Burhan Syed: we're already onboarding, you know, 3 or 4 other Dsos and 20 clinics from each of them.
Burhan Syed: We're not gonna have bandwidth for another 3 months. And I kept having these conversations in February over and over again.
Burhan Syed: And I was basically just like feeding these smaller Dsos to my competitors. I just tell them, go go to Rini. They've got bandwidth like they'll take care of you.
Chloe Lannert: This is where you were firing all your Smb customers.
Chloe Lannert: Or is this like you couldn't match the demand from your ideal customer?
Burhan Syed: The Smbs. It was a twofold thing it was. We couldn't match the demand, for we didn't have any bandwidth for smbs, because, like we didn't even have bandwidth. But for Smbs, we're all. They were also churning at that time. So we decided to actually just fire everyone in like mid January of this year.
Burhan Syed: like all of our Smb customers taking us from 15 K. To 9 K Mrr. And ultimately, we made the decision that if we're gonna
Burhan Syed: if we're already resource constrained, let's just focus on Dsos. And then the Dsos that were the biggest will prioritize them. If they're small Dsos, like, you know, 50 locations, 80 locations. We'll send them their competitors and call it a day.
Burhan Syed: But, like honestly, I I can't lie to you like February. I probably stayed up all night every night thinking about this, and came to the conclusion that, like there's I'm handing free money to our competitors that would have otherwise gone with us. We can better do something about this resource problem.
Chloe Lannert: What was the resource problem like? What did you need? Besides, time.
Burhan Syed: More engineers.
Burhan Syed: really and we needed to get out of our parents. Houses like not working together in one office is a big problem.
Burhan Syed: And also we just live together all the time as we're building like me, Allen and Mohammed, and we wanted that back again. So those 3 things, I think, engineers and office space to work out of and like working together was important.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then to be clear like, I believe
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Burhan when he's he's not understating the need for engineers, because, literally, his CTO Mohammed was on overdrive, I know, because he was running him into the ground.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Not like, like, you know, and and they were. They were amicable about it. But he, he was aware, and and empathetic as a leader. A CEO like yo, I can't like my team is gonna crack if I if I push them any further, so he knew how important it was.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, no, for 2 months straight. January and February. Mohammed probably slept 3 HA night. He was. I was feeding him. Adderall, because I have an adderall prescription. And
Burhan Syed: yeah, he was running on so many of these that he was about to die.
Chloe Lannert: I I even I remember in December that you were like booking out
Chloe Lannert: onboarding slots a month in advance. So this had been building for for a while, and then February, you hit the breaking point. Bahamas is about time.
Chloe Lannert: Oh.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I mean February. We got to a point where we're booking August.
Chloe Lannert: Whoa, okay.
Burhan Syed: Which is ridiculous.
Chloe Lannert: So you're like, I need talent.
Chloe Lannert: I don't have enough money like, how did that conversion from? I hate Vc. To? I'm actually cool with Vc. Like, what? What happened there.
Burhan Syed: I followed Neil's advice, which is, if you want money, ask sorry if you want money, ask for advice.
Chloe Lannert: Okay.
Burhan Syed: So I reached out to. So Troy had made an introduction to 2048 ventures at that time the cool thing about 2048 is access. Gold used to be a former techstars. Md, so he's got a lot of advice to give as like someone who's done this a lot, and he's a builder himself.
Burhan Syed: And then his partner, Zan.
Chloe Lannert: Context. Real quick. Alex Iskold is the guy who wrote that blog on how to write affordables like he is foundational on in just precede in general like og, og, tech stars like he's a legend.
Burhan Syed: Oh, yeah, he's an absolute legend. So Troy had made that introduction. We had met with 2048 when we were sooner raising, and last year and then Zan, his partner, comes from a family of dentists himself grew up in his parents. Clinics helping out, worked the receptionist role, ended up helping his parents sell their clinic to a Dso. And was a part of that deal, and then ended up interning for that Dso. When he was in university. So like
Burhan Syed: like there's no other Vc. In the world that comes with that kind of background that's so well suited to us.
Burhan Syed: And so I just reached out to Alex and Zan and said, Hey, guys, I'm having this problem. I don't know what to do.
Burhan Syed: Do you have any advice, like as both operators, and also people that come from like the demo space on, like, how I can fix this resource problem.
Burhan Syed: And then Alex and Zan sat me down and they were like, listen, dude, you're gonna have to raise around
Burhan Syed: like there's no way around it like you're if you want to solve this problem. You need money, and like, we've got money.
Burhan Syed: So that's that's the conversation.
Chloe Lannert: So you met them.
Chloe Lannert: Let's call it so. Demo Day was in June for you. You met them in like June, July of 2024.
Burhan Syed: And then you're circling back. February 2024. What contact had you had with them since none.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, literally. Just popping your head back up.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: 6 months.
Burhan Syed: And I stayed in touch, like we probably had, like exchange, one or 2 text messages over the course of like those 6 6 months or 8 months. But yeah, no, no contact otherwise.
Chloe Lannert: Killer. So you pop up. They're like, you need money. Do you want ours?
Burhan Syed: Yeah, that was pretty much it. And then it took a little bit of convincing. Before I said, Okay, cool. Let's have, like the 1st dB. Call and then I sat with Mohammed and Alan. They they were like we should raise. I was still on the fence, and then I went to bed.
Burhan Syed: woke up the next morning and sat down and put on a notepad like
Burhan Syed: the pros and cons of raising money, and then on another notepad like. If I were to raise, how much money would I raise?
Burhan Syed: And that figure came to 1.5 million.
Chloe Lannert: How did you calculate that number.
Burhan Syed: I just asked Mohammed how many engineers we needed to to take care of the the pipeline of Dsls we had immediately
Burhan Syed: and then how much we would want to pay ourselves where we would want to live, etc. And then please give me that number.
Chloe Lannert: So like, immediately tied to the business problem
Chloe Lannert: like, what do we need to solve this right now? Okay, I
Chloe Lannert: I love that. See a lot of like projections. We think over the next 2 years. We're gonna potentially hire these 5 people like, no, that's like, right. Now, what do we need to clear the pipeline.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I mean, we had 2 million dollars directly that we could have in terms of deals that we could deploy right now. So how much do we need to deploy that.
Chloe Lannert: Okay? And what was the number you landed on.
Burhan Syed: 1.5 million is how much we wanted to raise.
Chloe Lannert: And you go to 2048.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I went to Zan. And I said, Hey, dude, we want 1.5 million. They were like, we're gonna give you 750 k, but yeah, we'll raise the rest around. Don't worry about it.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so 1st check lead investor committed. This is still in February.
Burhan Syed: It's still February. So we hadn't met with any of the investors is just 2028. And I basically came to the conclusion that if we were going to raise money it was only going to be through Alex and Zam. Otherwise we were going to do
Burhan Syed: because they were the only people who really understood what it looks like to build a business like this.
Burhan Syed: and I mean, it was. It was really easy decision also, because Alex would sit with the audit like, even though they hadn't invested yet, and just like walk through problems we were facing, and how he would go about it.
Burhan Syed: And so just like that kind of initial made a lot of sense for us to say, you know, what like these guys gotta
Burhan Syed: But then they they both sat me down and said, How do you want to raise the rest of the random line? I said, Listen, guys, we've got way too much pipeline to deploy. I need to get back to building the business. Thank you for the 750 KI think we can do this with it.
Burhan Syed: we will need 1.5, though. So if you wanna if you need to fill the rest of the round, you're gonna have to do it for us.
Burhan Syed: So then Alex and Zan went on fundraising mode and basically raised the rest of the round for us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And they have the network and the the capacity and capital to do that by the way, their reputation is precedes them. So he basically has some killer investors that are operators through and through and knew how to get that job done.
Chloe Lannert: What does that look like?
Burhan Syed: They just sent me
Burhan Syed: Calendar Yup. They set meetings for you. They make the intros they fill in the contacts you just have to hop on and show them what you're doing and validate whether or not you even want to continue meetings investors. So they actually filled up my calendar with, I think, like 50 ambassadors.
Burhan Syed: And then I gave them a final list, after meeting all of them of like people. I wanted to have some conversations with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's not normal guys. But if you find the right ones they will get a lot done for you, and that is one of the right ones.
Chloe Lannert: This is blowing my mind a little bit.
Chloe Lannert: so you find the rest of your people who who are those who are those people.
Burhan Syed: Oh, it was really 1212 below. There was a few Vcs and can like that were competing. Ultimately, for me, it was okay. If we have the building operator side with, like the dental institution knowledge covered like, what else do we need?
Burhan Syed: So if they thinking? For, you know, 1218 months down the line. Once we get through the current pipeline, we need to build more pipeline, so go to market. Advantage would be nice to have and so we met with Byron for 12 below, and Byron comes from a private equity background, and, funnily enough, like his 4 best friends from like decades
Burhan Syed: all own, and operate some of the biggest dsos in the world.
Burhan Syed: So for us it was kind of a no brainer to go with Byron and we had a conversation with both Vcs. About like the dynamics of the round, and whether we want strategic angels. I was on the on the side of. Let's just get this wrapped up real quick, so we can get back to building the business, because I just know, like one of my friends in Molly raised his like 7 million dollar seed around 3 16 c. And he spent 3 months picking the rest of his investors, etc.
Burhan Syed: and so, like I I just knew I didn't want to be in that boat, so I asked Byron if he would follow the roster around, they said. Sure, they offered us great terms, and we we went ahead with them.
Chloe Lannert: So I just wanna double tap, and then I'll I'll shut up and like, let everyone else ask more questions. But you're not referring to the funds. You're referring to the individuals.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, you're talking about Zan, Byron and Alex, and like, you're not talking about 2048, and 5. So like the the language and the relationships are super super different. And I feel like we've been focusing a lot on like thinking about what funds you want to
Chloe Lannert: connect with versus the individuals within the funds and the personal backgrounds they bring. So I just wanna make sure that that's
Chloe Lannert: highlighted for everyone like the investors, the individuals you want to be working with.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I mean, double clicking on that. It's just like everyone thinks about the reputation of the fund. And like what that means for your startup, etc, and I just think that's a stupid way of thinking about it, because.
Burhan Syed: like, you're not building your business off of cloud, you're building it off of like, what are the next 18 to 12 months gonna look like for you to actually build this business? And who's gonna add the most value regardless of their cloud.
Burhan Syed: And so yeah, I think that's just how you you should think about it.
Chloe Lannert: Okay question from the chat. How long would you say you worked with Alex before the point of investing came up? How many interactions over how much time I'm trying to understand. If your relationship with them was years in the making, or only a few days.
Burhan Syed: No, it was like 2 weeks in the making
Burhan Syed: alex just offered to sit with Mohammed and and see what's up and like, offer advice wherever he could, and that ended up turning into like 3 or 4 sessions between them, where they were just like working on solving problems in the business. And then Zan and I would just meet, like I think we met 3 times before we decided. You know what. Let's let's talk about around where we just like went through the fundamentals of the business. How they think about building something like this, like
Burhan Syed: what their ambition for us is, if that aligns with our vision, etc.
Chloe Lannert: Killer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think we should open the floor. Let these founders run it now right.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, Chloe. I just gotta say, Chloe, you just jobs to be done. Veron, like nobody's business. That was awesome. I love that.
Chloe Lannert: Personal interest, because Burhan.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I like it.
Chloe Lannert: 2 months ago, and he's like, Hey, I have this this round story that I think could be valuable, and I was like, I'm desperate to know, but I know Burhan's busy, so I don't want to sit down and ask for the story before I get the story. So this is that's just my personal questions. Ankur.
Ankur Toshniwal: So I guess. You know, I know we we spoke a little bit last week, because 2048 isn't
Ankur Toshniwal: they call themselves pre-seed. You mentioned that
Ankur Toshniwal: in New York it's a little bit more
Ankur Toshniwal: the way they view it. They want a little bit more stability in a company that they consider precede. I'm curious if that's actually true, or if that's just still stuff, they say, and what the differences between New York fundraising and Sf. Fundraising are, and your your experience, and maybe what's what's kind of
Ankur Toshniwal: do? Do we act on
Ankur Toshniwal: an outreach from someone who says they're pre seed. But they're not, you know, historically. Maybe if you've talked after we back Channel, we find actually, they don't go that early. How do we kind of manage what they call to be pre seed, but actually are expecting, like significantly, significantly, further revenue or more solid business model.
Burhan Syed: I I think broadly, the market has just changed, and, like Neil Chloe, feel free to correct me here. But I think as like people are building this small person or these small teams that are doing crazy numbers people have realized that it's less about the idea and more so about like market positioning. This, the moat, the execution. And so ultimately, I think, all Vcs have kind of just
Burhan Syed: turn from a precede being like an idea, and like very early traction to you know what? Now you can accomplish, what a 30 person team could do it with like a 3 person team. So let's see a little bit more traction and real growth and real product.
Ankur Toshniwal: That's consistent priest East Coast, New York. Sf, you think that's pretty consistent? Alright.
Burhan Syed: I think so with New York. Specifically, what I mentioned was that I think just because of the culture and like the place they're in like Wall Street, etc. People are just a little bit more
Burhan Syed: cautious of like the financials, and like the the go to market and the growth more so than other Vcs are. But that's just my take.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, I think Burns right. And just to be clear like any Vc. Worth their salt is starting to, you know. Smell the roses about that. So that should be a test on your end to to vet a potential investor, whether they even see that.
Alex Nativelle: Sorry. I don't think I got what you meant. Can can you explain that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I mean, basically what Veron said about 30 to 3,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the potential best you're talking to should be grilling you on that subject matter and challenging you on that front and trying to assess to what extent you're even utilizing the new like wave of like, how you can be efficient with technology.
Alex Nativelle: Hmm, okay.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): So. So when you say 30 to 3, Barhan, is it? Is it something that even the New York investors are completely aware of. And it's not just a a bay area thing now.
Burhan Syed: I think it's an everyone thing like, look at companies like lovable, that are doing what's
Burhan Syed: 60 million in arr with a 10 person team like
Burhan Syed: yeah, or or something along those lines. Don't quote me on the numbers here, but like it's some pretty ridiculous numbers or cursor doing 100 million arr with a 15% team like the the Per employee revenue figure is fucking crazy. And the growth trajectory that they're seeing in such a short period of time is insane. And so now everyone's catching on to the fact that, like Hey, you don't need massive head counts, or massive amounts of capital to be able to execute.
Burhan Syed: And so ultimately, now we can
Burhan Syed: index more on execution. And look at those look at those results. With like a bigger magnifying lens than like we used to before.
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): But doesn't that make the Vcs even more
Piyush Verma (Neural Defend): desperate to put capital? Because now the smartest founders will will know that we don't need this capital, we can actually build a product and generate revenue without the Vc. Money. So is there a sentiment in the Vcs like that? Is there some sort of a form of being developing like where they think that these founders don't need our money. So how do we convince them to take our money.
Burhan Syed: I don't know. I'm not the right person to answer that. I think I think what I can answer is that it comes down to the fact that now that they know this is possible, they expect more results. That's really just that's like the point I'm trying to grab across.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And to be clear like investors like Burhan's, like Alex is called. He's not worried about that at all. I guarantee it. If anything. This is a huge opportunity for him, because it's room for the Vcs. That know they add disproportionate value to companies outside of capital are like leaning in hard right now, because they know how much they can help beyond that.
Alex Poe: And what was brahan your Mrr, when you got the 1st check? You said you had like 15 K. Then went down to 9 K. But like one. What was it when you got the first? st Yes, and like, do you think that even made a difference? And I have a follow up question after this, as well.
Burhan Syed: We were at 9 K. When we signed, because we'd fired our smbs. And I paused all new new business for these conversations, and like just just ops, and like figuring out how we can execute better. So and what was your second question.
Alex Poe: Basically, what helped you kind of like turn the momentum on on your side. And being like.
Alex Poe: was it like the 2 million pipeline like, what
Alex Poe: made it look be like inevitable in their eyes, and because it it sounds like it was a very quick
Alex Poe: yes, and a no brainer for them to come in like what were, you know?
Alex Poe: What were some of the metrics
Alex Poe: that counted the most? I don't know if makes sense, but like that's kind of like we're at.
Burhan Syed: I mean, they ours is a very untraditional like fundraising journey. But I think like the things that they focused on the most when we had our partner call was.
Burhan Syed: What does the pipeline look like? How much have you captured right now?
Burhan Syed: What are your customers currently saying? And are they actually itching to expand across their portfolio? Or are you just telling us that? To get our money?
Burhan Syed: Because at some point they have to start to think, okay, cool. If we convince them to raise around like, was this really just a game they were playing to get us to to fund them or like, do they actually have a a growth problem here where there's just too much pipeline they can't execute on it. So they actually met with all of our customers
Burhan Syed: and validated that they were actually itching to expand. They took a look at our like financial model, which I I didn't think mattered. But like ended up mattering a lot, and Troy helped us with that. Thank God, before we even went to them.
Burhan Syed: and yeah, I think that was really it. It was just validating that, like what we were saying was true, and we actually did have a massive pipeline that we could execute on. Once we finish closing this out.
Alex Poe: Thank you.
antoinecarriere: Hello, Verona,
antoinecarriere: quick question regarding, and maybe you're not the right person to ask. But regarding the the use of funds. So if I'm if I'm putting myself in the shoes of a Vc.
antoinecarriere: the the main thing is because of all the developments in generative AI and the productivity improvements. I would probably not want to invest in a company that wants to hire an an army of Sdr. Or or some sort of, and is that? Is that? How
antoinecarriere: kind of how how much did you go into.
antoinecarriere: how you're going to use funds, and how much kind of would you advise us to
antoinecarriere: either think about it or go into it, as we as we think through fundraising.
Burhan Syed: Neil, I saw your face light up. Do you have a thought.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I know my my thought was, and you correct me if I'm wrong, Veran. But my thought was, Is Alex met with Mohammed and not you. Is that right?
Burhan Syed: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Dead giveaway. Because if you meet Mohammed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you go. Okay, this is not just some dinky like Coder. This is a guy who's clearly like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: punches above his weight class, clearly. And so if he's clearly demonstrating that he needs engineering support, he's not doing that for fun or for convenience. He's doing that out of a deep seriousness of needing to go further technologically, like well beyond. So that's apparent even to me. So I'm I'm guessing. Alex figured that out pretty quickly, working with him.
Burhan Syed: Yeah. The 1st person Alex met with one on one was behind that he didn't meet me until then.
Burhan Syed: and that's when I I think, after he met with Muhammad, he had already made up his mind that he was going to ask
Burhan Syed: but yeah, like he knew
Burhan Syed: very intimately. After meeting with Mohammed, like what our needs were, I had to convince our investors that we're not deploying any capital towards sales
Burhan Syed: and they quickly agreed with me.
Burhan Syed: I have like a Linkedin post somewhere that shows like my thoughts on like founder, led sales versus like hiring Sdr. Teams. But that was never a part of the equation and never will be.
Burhan Syed: Outside of that I mean to this, I don't think a headcount thing is a problem for Vcs. I think most are intuitively just like year to recommend more headcount to be safe like. I still have arguments with both Byron and Zan about hiring more engineers. They always push me to hire more. I'm always pushing back, saying, No.
Burhan Syed: and that's just like how everyone thinks. I think
Burhan Syed: cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You guys, you guys done with them.
Burhan Syed: Seems like we are done, which is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hold on. I gotta I gotta. I gotta brag for a second.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Look at this guy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Look at that! Look at text. I was bragging about you right now. You don't see this every day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well done, man! Well, we can't celebrate your fundraise. We gotta celebrate your success with customers and your growth? Right? So what's next for you guys? And how can we help.
Burhan Syed: No, I mean, things are going really. Well. We actually had our best month last month. We signed 1.5 million arr, not deployed, signed deploying. That is going to be a a bench and a half. But we're gonna we're gonna figure it out. I mean, how can we be helpful if you guys know anyone that's building in the healthcare space that has done what I'm doing and executed well on it, like I'd love to meet them.
Burhan Syed: and the great brain.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great. Okay? Well, I guess the last thing for me, Burhan, is that if you have any parting words or advice for this group. They haven't got demo day next week, you know. My advice is consistent. It's not the end of the world. It's not gonna make or break their business. It's a day, albeit it is helpful to show up well, because it's a good way to practice your sales, your cadence, your ability to speak to be a leader, all those good things, so any parting words or advice for them on that.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I mean, Neil, set the tone for Demo day, like, I think a week before Demo Day, you were basically like guys. Demo day is not what you think it is like. Relax. You know. Nothing crazy is gonna happen to your business after Demo Day, and we're absolutely right. If you go into Demo Day expecting to raise around immediately and like crazy Vc. Interest, etc. That's just not gonna happen. I think Demo Day is a good place to sort of like.
Burhan Syed: Learn the chops of like pitching. And you know, market yourself a little bit more pictures and videos. And that's really it, though my parting words is, build a good business and stop thinking about everything else. Nothing else matters. I think too many people focus on, you know, getting the right investors on board, or how can we, you know, get the most amount of clicks and views, and none of that matters. It's like, focus on the product, solve the core problem and build a good business. Everything else will help.
Alex Poe: I have just one last question, if I may.
Burhan Syed: Worse!
Alex Poe: So, Burhan, both Troy and Neil mentioned how good the voice is of your AI. I was just curious if you can share what you're using for text to speech and speech to text.
Alex Poe: We use 11 labs and Deepgram, for instance.
Burhan Syed: Yeah. So we we actually don't focus too much on the voice. AI infrastructure. Everyone else builds their own. And blah blah, I think that's a big mistake, because if you can use the incumbents that are doing it right, they'll always out compete you. And if you build your own infrastructure. It's not gonna work well
Burhan Syed: and long term you'll lose. And it's why our competitors are losing is because they're focusing too much on that the real like. We're not a voice. AI business. What we are is a dental scheduling and revenue generating business. We're solving that problem. How can we schedule best? And how can we build back an infrastructure to support that? The most
Burhan Syed: so we actually use vapi who's which was founded by one of my longtime childhood best friends. Nick Hill, they ended up raising a series a from Bessamer. But yeah, so we use vapi. We were concerned, all of our agents there. 11 labs. Deepgram, openai. Gt, 4. 0, that's really it.
Alex Poe: Yeah, thank you. We were also thinking of switching to Vapi. And I totally agree with like, build on top of existing tech and not build yourself internal tech. Thank you.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, no worries, guys. It was a pleasure.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Get back to it, brother. Alright! Y'all.
Alex Poe: No, sir, thanks, Neil. Thanks, guys. Cheers.
Alex Poe: Thank you.